README.md, before:

# WestWay LabLM AI

> Developed by: Wesley Wei

## About

This is an AI Chat UI designed to help lab scientists troubleshoot laboratory procedures and instruments in the context of multiple instruments/projects.

## Setup

#### Local Development

1. Create `.env.local` file within the root directory and add key-value pair (`NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=<GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID`) and (`NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_API_KEY=<GOOGLE_API_KEY>`).
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`.
3. Startup live development: `npm run dev`
4. Navigate to `http://localhost:3000` and start interacting with the app

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPL).
You are free to use, modify, and distribute the code under the GPL terms.
See the LICENSE file in this repository for full details.

### Commercial Use

If you want to use this software in a closed-source or commercial project, you can contact me for a commercial license at wesley631w@gmail.com.
See LICENSE-COMMERCIAL.txt for details.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repo, make your changes, and submit a pull request.
All contributions will be considered under the GPL license and may also be included under the commercial license for future releases.

## Contact

Wesley Wei — wesley631w@gmail.com
GitHub: https://github.com/JourneyToTheWes

Commit message:

Updated README.md with website and demo link

README.md, after:

# WestWay LabLM AI

> Developed by: Wesley Wei

## About

[WestWay LabLM AI](https://westway-lablm-ai.vercel.app/) is an AI Chat UI designed to help lab scientists troubleshoot laboratory procedures and instruments in the context of multiple instruments/projects.

## Demo

🎥[Watch the demo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DCq5j30kgTWuYxOfNy5k2u590WH5EQBi/view?usp=drive_link)

## Setup

#### Local Development

1. Create `.env.local` file within the root directory and add key-value pair (`NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=<GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID`) and (`NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_API_KEY=<GOOGLE_API_KEY>`).
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`.
3. Startup live development: `npm run dev`
4. Navigate to `http://localhost:3000` and start interacting with the app

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPL).
You are free to use, modify, and distribute the code under the GPL terms.
See the LICENSE file in this repository for full details.

### Commercial Use

If you want to use this software in a closed-source or commercial project, you can contact me for a commercial license at wesley631w@gmail.com.
See LICENSE-COMMERCIAL.txt for details.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repo, make your changes, and submit a pull request.
All contributions will be considered under the GPL license and may also be included under the commercial license for future releases.

## Contact

Wesley Wei — wesley631w@gmail.com
GitHub: https://github.com/JourneyToTheWes
